Add API landing page (#33)
uPortal-Project/uportal-project.github.io: manuals/en/api/README.md

# uPortal API Documentation

uPortal leverages Swagger for automatic API Documentation. 

> You can access the API Documentation for a given uPortal instance (5.12.0+ / 5.11.2+) by setting `org.apereo.portal.rest.swagger.SwaggerConfiguration.enabled` to `true` in `global.properties` or `uPortal.properties`.

Reviewer: `5.12.0+ / 5.11.2+` refers to the versions of uPortal supported?

```suggestion
You can access the API Documentation for a given uPortal instance (versions 5.11.2+) by setting `org.apereo.portal.rest.swagger.SwaggerConfiguration.enabled` to `true` in `global.properties` or `uPortal.properties`.
```

> Once you've refreshed Tomcat with the new configuration, navigate to `{your-uportal-url}/api/swagger-ui.html`. For example, using the Quickstart configuration for uPortal-start, the API URL would be http://localhost:8080/uPortal/api/swagger-ui.html .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've refreshed Tomcat with the new configuration, navigate to `{your-uportal-url}/api/swagger-ui.html`. For example, using the Quickstart configuration for uPortal-start, the API URL would be <http://localhost:8080/uPortal/api/swagger-ui.html>.
```
